README.md, before:

# GraphDB AWS Terraform Module

This Terraform module allows you to provision an GraphDB cluster within a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). The module provides a flexible way to configure the cluster and the associated VPC components.
## Prerequisites

Before you begin using this Terraform module, ensure you meet the following prerequisites:

- **Terraform Installed**: You should have Terraform installed on your local machine. You can download Terraform from the [official website](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html).

- **AWS Credentials**: Ensure that you have AWS credentials configured on your machine. You can configure AWS access keys and secret keys using the [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/).

- **Terraform AWS Provider Configuration**: Configure the AWS provider in your Terraform project. You can add your AWS access and secret keys as environment variables or use other methods for provider configuration.

- **Terraform Configuration File**: Create a new Terraform configuration file in your project, and use this module by specifying its source.

## Usage

To use this module, follow these steps:

Copy and paste into your Terraform configuration, insert the variables, and run ``terraform init``:

```hcl
module "graphdb" {
  source  = "Ontotext-AD/graphdb/aws"
  version = "0.0.1"
}
```

## Configuration

This README provides more detailed information about the important variables and how to configure them for the Terraform AWS GraphDB module. Please ensure that you adapt the configuration to match your specific use case and requirements.

### Important Variables (Inputs)

The following are the important variables you should configure when using this module:

- `aws_region`: The region in which GraphDB will be deployed.

- `vpc_id`: The ID of the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) where you want to create the AWS GraphDB cluster. This is a required variable.

- `instance_type`: The instance type for the GDB cluster nodes. This should match your performance and cost requirements.

- `node_count`: The number of instances in the cluster. Recommended is 3, 5 or 7 in order to have consensus according to the [Raft algorithm](https://raft.github.io/). 



## Examples

This repository includes usage examples in the `examples/` directory, such as:

- [VPC with Multiple Availability Zones](./examples/vpc-with-multiple-az): Demonstrates creating a VPC with multiple Availability Zones and provisioning an AWS GraphDB cluster.

Here's an example of how to configure the module in your Terraform project:

#### Example Configuration

##### terraform.tfvars
```hcl

aws_region = "us-east-1"

azs = ["us-east-1a", "us-east-1b", "us-east-1c"]

resource_name_prefix = "my-prefix"

graphdb_license_path = "/path/to/your/license.license"

tags = {
  Name = "MyInstance"
  Environment = "Production"
}

ami_id = "GraphDB-AMI"
```

Ensure that you adjust the values of the variables to match your specific requirements.

## Modules

#### [Backup](modules/backup/README.md)
This Terraform module creates an Amazon S3 bucket for storing backups.

#### [Config](modules/config/README.md)
This Terraform module creates AWS Systems Manager (SSM) parameters for managing sensitive data and configuration settings used by GraphDB in an AWS environment.

#### [DNS](modules/dns/README.md)
This Terraform module creates a private hosted zone in Amazon Route 53 for DNS resolution in your Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).

#### [IAM](modules/iam/README.md)
This Terraform module creates an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role and an instance profile that can be used for EC2 instances. It also supports the option to set a permissions boundary on the IAM role. 

#### [Load Balancer](modules/load_balancer/README.md)
This Terraform module sets up an AWS Elastic Load Balancer (Network Load Balancer) with optional TLS listeners. The module is designed to be flexible and customizable by accepting various input variables to tailor the NLB configuration to your specific requirements.

#### [User Data](modules/user_data/README.md)
This Terraform module configures an AWS EC2 instance for running GraphDB with various optional parameters and user-supplied userdata.

#### [VM](modules/vm/README.md)
This Terraform module configures IAM roles, EC2 instances, and associated security groups for running GraphDB with optional parameters and customization.


## Contributing
Check out the contributors guide [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).


## License

This code is released under the Apache 2.0 License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Add Documentation link
Added a suggested link to Documentation by Yasen

TES-234

README.md, after:

# GraphDB AWS Terraform Module

This Terraform module allows you to provision an GraphDB cluster within a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). The module provides a flexible way to configure the cluster and the associated VPC components. It mplements the GraphDB reference architecture. Check the official [documentation](https://graphdb.ontotext.com/documentation/10.4/aws-deployment.html) for more detrails.
## Prerequisites

Before you begin using this Terraform module, ensure you meet the following prerequisites:

- **Terraform Installed**: You should have Terraform installed on your local machine. You can download Terraform from the [official website](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html).

- **AWS Credentials**: Ensure that you have AWS credentials configured on your machine. You can configure AWS access keys and secret keys using the [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/).

- **Terraform AWS Provider Configuration**: Configure the AWS provider in your Terraform project. You can add your AWS access and secret keys as environment variables or use other methods for provider configuration.

- **Terraform Configuration File**: Create a new Terraform configuration file in your project, and use this module by specifying its source.

## Usage

To use this module, follow these steps:

Copy and paste into your Terraform configuration, insert the variables, and run ``terraform init``:

```hcl
module "graphdb" {
  source  = "Ontotext-AD/graphdb/aws"
  version = "0.0.1"
}
```

## Configuration

This README provides more detailed information about the important variables and how to configure them for the Terraform AWS GraphDB module. Please ensure that you adapt the configuration to match your specific use case and requirements.

### Important Variables (Inputs)

The following are the important variables you should configure when using this module:

- `aws_region`: The region in which GraphDB will be deployed.

- `vpc_id`: The ID of the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) where you want to create the AWS GraphDB cluster. This is a required variable.

- `instance_type`: The instance type for the GDB cluster nodes. This should match your performance and cost requirements.

- `node_count`: The number of instances in the cluster. Recommended is 3, 5 or 7 in order to have consensus according to the [Raft algorithm](https://raft.github.io/). 



## Examples

This repository includes usage examples in the `examples/` directory, such as:

- [VPC with Multiple Availability Zones](./examples/vpc-with-multiple-az): Demonstrates creating a VPC with multiple Availability Zones and provisioning an AWS GraphDB cluster.

Here's an example of how to configure the module in your Terraform project:

#### Example Configuration

##### terraform.tfvars
```hcl

aws_region = "us-east-1"

azs = ["us-east-1a", "us-east-1b", "us-east-1c"]

resource_name_prefix = "my-prefix"

graphdb_license_path = "/path/to/your/license.license"

tags = {
  Name = "MyInstance"
  Environment = "Production"
}

ami_id = "GraphDB-AMI"
```

Ensure that you adjust the values of the variables to match your specific requirements.

## Modules

#### [Backup](modules/backup/README.md)
This Terraform module creates an Amazon S3 bucket for storing backups.

#### [Config](modules/config/README.md)
This Terraform module creates AWS Systems Manager (SSM) parameters for managing sensitive data and configuration settings used by GraphDB in an AWS environment.

#### [DNS](modules/dns/README.md)
This Terraform module creates a private hosted zone in Amazon Route 53 for DNS resolution in your Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).

#### [IAM](modules/iam/README.md)
This Terraform module creates an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role and an instance profile that can be used for EC2 instances. It also supports the option to set a permissions boundary on the IAM role. 

#### [Load Balancer](modules/load_balancer/README.md)
This Terraform module sets up an AWS Elastic Load Balancer (Network Load Balancer) with optional TLS listeners. The module is designed to be flexible and customizable by accepting various input variables to tailor the NLB configuration to your specific requirements.

#### [User Data](modules/user_data/README.md)
This Terraform module configures an AWS EC2 instance for running GraphDB with various optional parameters and user-supplied userdata.

#### [VM](modules/vm/README.md)
This Terraform module configures IAM roles, EC2 instances, and associated security groups for running GraphDB with optional parameters and customization.


## Contributing
Check out the contributors guide [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).


## License

This code is released under the Apache 2.0 License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more details.
